so there's that there's a creepy van
going down my street ie I'm just going
to swatch it nice shadow I didn't know
which one was blacker so I had to swatch
swatch you just killed the mood kill me
no that's fine okay so what time is it
seriously okay so overall I have to say
that the rimmel thick liner is an
awesome liner David's tear you know
let's say that no not it's fine but but
yeah so I will see you guys in my next
video
hey Beautiful's so today I'm giving you
guys the second first impressions on the
second Rimmel eyeliner that I was sent
from influencers part of my brand
challenge prize now this one is
basically the exact same thing which is
the Rimmel scandaleyes precision micro
eyeliner I think it pretty much is the
same thing as the other one it's just
different name and different tip thing
but I'll do a little comparison show you
guys that well yeah so let's just get
right into a makeup is all bluey today I
wanted to work with my ELF baked New
York City pal NYC palette today that I
absolutely love oh my god so yeah you
guys probably already seen this look on
instagram by now because i have to edit
this weekend just to crack this baby
open like a little egg a little egg a
little baby chick coming from coming out
of this little egg to his mommy
I don't know I can't this is how we open
things here on Sam's channel this is
what we do okay
this is just not correct at all okay all
right well this is how Sam opens things
thumbs up this video if you do it to
disaster this eyeliner is also
waterproof same as the other eyeliner
which I have right here hope I don't get
them confused but basically the
packaging on both of them is pretty much
the same as far as I can tell so just as
scandalize except one tip is just the
precision and one is the slant thick and
thin which i showed you guys last week
I'll put that video below I did use this
eyeliner again last night and I will
tell you guys that the payoff of it
still isn't really that great but I
think it's still an OK liner just to
throw on if you're going doing errands
quick in the morning and you don't want
to put on your expensive high-end
eyeliner because I know we all have one
of those oh there's that there's a
creepy van going down my street
I mean basically they are the same
packaging they're just different types
of eyeliners so the packaging is the
same as the other one I'm just going to
swatch it thanks shadow I didn't know
which one was blacker so I had to swatch
swatch I didn't know which one was
blacker so I just watch it but yeah so
swatch this oh that's a very very nice
line I think this is gonna be a really
good eyeliner okay far I really like it
so let's see how it goes on my eyes I
don't like doing this without tugging on
my eyelid so I apologize if I I'm kind
of like struggling
hmm
I have to say it's pretty much the same
kind of smoothness as the other one but
it's a lot darker as you guys can see
don't judge me I'm not good at putting
my eyeliner on this way I think that was
kind of obvious my last video as well
and there's now really like splotchy
spots in it either what I mean by that
is the other eyeliner was very a lot of
splotches in it so it wasn't really a
nice crisp line it was kind of like not
really that pigmented so that's what
that eye looks like it's kind of bad
sorry okay no we're just gonna struggle
to do our left I'd I just big boob
problems
so this is what my eyeliner looks like
on my eyes I'm not the best of just
putting it on like that I usually pull
my skin a little bit so I can get a nice
smooth line but that's just me and what
I do but so far I really really enjoy
the consistency of this this is so much
more pigmented as I showed you guys with
this swatch and as you just saw me put
it on my eyes it is so so much more
pigmented than the other one is so I
don't even think I need to do battle
video between these because it's so far
it's pretty obvious that I think the
precision micro eyeliner is a lot better
than the thick and thin one I will let
you guys know later I'm putting this on
right now it is two o'clock in the
afternoon David's mom is going to be
picking me up and then tonight when
David gets out of work um I will just
show you guys what the end result looks
like and see how long it lasts and all
that jazz like I did when I went to
class so with that being said I will see
you guys in literally a minute just not
even a man just like a snap ready here
we go guys see ya magic of editing and
is now 942 according to David and this
is what the eyeliner looks like now for
all eyes to say this eyeliner is so much
better than the thick and thin one so
highly recommend the thin precision
eyeliner by Rimmel it is waterproof
again and it has not moved from my lid
so that's awesome it goes on black stays
black don't come off
dave is laughing at me if you guys still
want me to do a first impressions on the
Rimmel London eyeliner that I got in my
prize please let me know below or like
the video either or I'm still probably
gonna do it but yeah so love you guys so
much thank you for watching and I will
see you in my next video David it's a
big distraction note to self
I'm never filming in front of David
again okay love you guys